# Health-Plan-Reports
Students at a school have a free period they self select into. This is saved into a report daily. Due to the natue of the free-period, teachers do not have health plan data for the students since they are not rostered in their classes. They would then not be aware of any allergies, or other health concerns of students they are responsible for. To provide a fix for this, we created a system that reads their health plans into a dataframe and combines the dataframe from the student free-period selection into one dataframe keying off of their student IDs. We then split by each teacher's name and send that teacher the report of health plans for the students they are responsible for in that period.

SETUP:
Create project in Google Cloud Platform with Service Account that has Google Sheets API and GMail API enabled. Download the credentials.json for the Oauth2.0 account and use it to generate token.json and the credentials.json for the service account. (This is an artifact of getting used to GCP. I first used an existing account and Oauth 2.0 credentials to authenticate for the sheets access because I understood that. I then transitioned to using a service account with domain-wide-delegation set in Google Admin as that is recommended practice. I used this for the GMail sending and set the from address as the one I wanted it to impersonate. Have credentials.json and token.json files in here to show how this works) I plan to move my sheets API access to my service account when I get a chance.
